I have sent over 1 billion marketing
emails. I know that sounds insane, but
across the 200 brands that I've worked
with, it all adds up. And after sending
that many emails and testing literally
thousands of different subject lines,
email copy styles, email designs from A
to Z, these are the exact lessons that
I've learned in the process. If you're
sending emails right now, these lessons
that I'm about to share with you could
easily double your sales in literally
just a couple days. So, let's start out
with the list. Tip number one is your
customers need new. Customers crave new.
And there are thousands of brands out
there doing the same exact things. Your
email marketing dies the second you
start recycling the same content, the
same structures over and over and over
again. Look, I'm an email marketer and I
can admit that email is already boring.
And if you mix an already boring channel
with boring content and the same styles
every single day, your customers are
going to get bored and they're going to
stop interacting with your emails and
you're going to lose money. The truth
is, the inbox is more competitive now
than it has ever been. An average
customer is subscribed to over 50
different newsletters. And if you aren't
giving them a reason to open your
emails, they're going to go check out
all the other brands. So, what should
you do? First of all, you need new
content angles. One email, you might be
focusing on a customer story. The next
one, maybe you do a mythbusting email.
The next, maybe you do a sneak peek. The
next, maybe you do a fun angle like we
asked Chat GBT to rate our products.
Maybe the next email you do a puzzle or
a quiz that reveals some sort of mystery
discount for the customer. Whatever it
is, you need to be testing all sorts of
different stuff. You can't just do
product highlight, product highlight,
testimonial, testimonial. No, mix it up.
And on top of that, we need new designs.
I know it's super easy and tempting to
just get a template and just reuse that
template for all your emails, but you
just can't do that. The customer is
begging for dopamine. They need
dopamine. What creates dopamine is
newness. When anybody sees the
notification from your brand, if they
already know exactly what they're going
to get, then they're not going to click
on your email. If every single time it's
something new and the customer doesn't
know what they're going to get, it's
kind of like a game that they need to
reveal because you have completely
different designs every single time.
Then they're going to continue to engage
with your emails and then you have a
higher likelihood of making sales. Don't
send the same layout every time. Switch
the order. Change the flow of your
emails. Try new structures. Try long
form versus short form. Whatever you can
do, just keep your customers guessing.
Kind of just a lesson, but nobody's
going to see your great emails and your
emails aren't going to make money if you
have no traffic. You could have the best
emails in the world. They're sexy and
they're high converting. But it won't
matter if nobody's on your email list.
If your website has no traffic or your
pop-up form, you're literally just
talking to yourself. I audit over 10
seven to nine figure e-commerce brands
every single week and every once in a
while there's a brand where I look at
their email strategy and all their
emails that they're putting together and
I'm like this is awesome and then
they're like why are our results so bad
and I say there's nobody entering or
receiving these emails. You need to
drive traffic to continue to grow your
list and get people interested in your
brand. Whether it's meta ads, organic
content, SEO content, partnerships and
influencers, it doesn't matter. You just
need eyeballs. But most importantly, you
need to capture them. And that means
having a banger popup, which we're going
to talk about later. The bottom line is
sometimes the problem isn't your email
content or the emails themselves. It's
that you don't have people to sell to.
And even then, if you do have people to
sell to, sometimes people get sick and
bored of the brand. The people who are
most likely to convert are your newer
leads that are entering the email list.
If you have a 100,000 person email list
that you keep trying to sell to, maybe
that customer is just done with you, but
they're still on your email list.
There's a lot more highv value
subscribers when it's people who
subscribed to your email list a couple
days ago or within the past 30 days.
They're warm and ready to be converted.
So, just make sure that you're always
driving traffic because email needs it
to run effectively. Tip number three,
and I talk about this a lot, so you
might be tired of me saying it, but you
need to be implementing textbased emails
into your strategy. Graphic heavy emails
look pretty, they're awesome, and they
have a time and a place, and they should
be the majority of your email marketing
strategy, but they often can feel like
ads coming from a brand who isn't really
thinking about their customer. That's
where these textbased emails come in.
They look like a real person typed them
out, and it could be just a friend
reaching out to you. While all these
brands are sending these crazy graphic
blinding designs, these textbased emails
break through the noise. They get
replies, they feel personal, and there
are hundreds of tests across all sorts
of different brands, these consistently
get the higher click-through rates and
revenue. Now, I'm not saying don't use
graphics at all. They're very important.
They should be the majority of your
strategy because, like I said earlier,
customers need newness. They need
dopamine. They need branding
differentiation, which is why these
graphics are so important. They need
infographics to display information
visually rather than blocks of text. But
if you're only sending these sort of
emails, you're missing the opportunity
to stand out. These textbased emails
should be used sparingly and for very
important emails that you need action
now. If you use them too much, they're
going to lose effectiveness. Typically,
what we do for our clients is we're
sending email campaigns three to four
times per week. And about one in every
five emails will be a textbased email
from the founder or somebody from the
team. And then we also use these
textbased emails within our automated
email flows. So inside the welcome flow,
we're going to have a welcome message
from the founder. In our abandoned cart
and abandoned checkout emails, we're
going to have a textbased support style
email either from the founder or from a
customer service representative. In our
win backs and our post-purchase flows,
we're also reaching out from the founder
to remind the brand mission why the
customer bought from us in the first
place to try to get them to come back.
Use these textbased emails. Don't
overuse them, but use them and you will
make a lot of money. Tip number four,
you don't need insanely fancy email
automations. I see this all the time and
I fell victim to this for the longest
time. Overthinking your email
automations. creating email flows that
have 12 emails each. Having every
possible split and filter imaginable.
Having product specific branches for
everything and customizing each email
for each specific customer persona. And
then you put all that work in just for
the first one to three emails in each
flow actually do all the revenue. And
that's the truth of it. 80% of your flow
revenue is going to come from those
first few emails. That's it. And if
those aren't good, the rest really
aren't going to matter. So my tip is to
spend a lot of time really optimizing
those first few emails. Start with all
the basics, your welcome flow, browse
abandoned, cart abandoned, checkout
abandon, and post-purchase flows. Put
two to three killer emails in each of
them. Just make them broad and then test
from there to really refine them. Then
you can scale from there and start
adding all the crazy stuff. I talked to
a lot of brands that have been updating
their flows for like 6 months cuz
they're doing all this crazy stuff and
they're planning all of it. They're
going through all sorts of different
revisions when they could have been done
2 months ago if they focused just on the
ones that were making them money. Just
keep it simple and high converting.
Because what's also nice about only
having a couple emails to focus on at
first in your first flows is that you're
going to get a lot of traffic to be able
to run AB tests and get results quickly.
If the first email in your flow splits
into four different subsections and
a,000 people go into this flow, you'll
get 250 here, 250 here, 250, 250, and
that's really not a large sample size.
If I were to be testing this email right
here off 250 people, I'm not really
going to know if my test that I ran on
this email is conclusive and I can end
it. Whereas, if we just have one email
right here and a,000 people enter into
this flow and we have this AB test, then
we can more quickly run this AB test,
find the winner, test more, and optimize
even further. Yes, we want to do all the
advanced stuff. We want to add more
emails into our flows. But my tip is to
just really focus on those first few
emails because those are the real money
makers. Tip number five, stop with over
segmentation because hot take most
segmentation is a waste of time. You
don't need 87 lists based on product
preferences, gender, location, birth
date, what color underwear the person
likes to wear on Tuesdays. You don't
need that. Really, the only lists for
most brand that really matter are your
engaged subscribers. People who have
opened or clicked an email or have been
active on your website in the past 30,
60, 90 days. That's your moneymaker
segment and that's going to be the one
that you should spend the majority of
your time with. Cast a wide net to as
many engaged people as you can and just
send to them at a high frequency. We
need to be sending emails three to four
times per week. I'd rather send to
100,000 people four times than send to
20,000 people four times. But still, I
see brands hyper segmenting to make
these hyper customized emails. These are
great, but you get more bang for your
buck by just sending to more people. So,
if you're already sending four times per
week to your engaged email list, which
is kind of the amount that I found to be
optimal for email results, and on top of
that, you want to do some segmented
emails to different tighter lists to
give them a more personalized feel.
Awesome. Do that, please. That's
awesome. What I don't want you to do is
to be worried about segmentation when
you're only able to get out one to two
emails per week. Frequency, frequency,
frequency first, segmentation after.
Just to be clear, when I say stop over
segmenting, I don't say just blast
emails to your whole list. No, that's
how you get terrible open rates and then
you'll end up in the spam folder. What I
mean is just create your engage segments
that I went over earlier and just send
your emails to those segments. That is
how it's done. Tip number six,
everything revolves around your pop-up
form. This kind of ties into the traffic
point I brought up earlier, but the
funniest thing I found in sending over a
billion marketing emails is that the
easiest double in your email marketing
revenue is not going to come from the
actual emails you send. It's with the
pop-up form that's on your website. This
is because so many brands overlook it
because it seems so simple. Let me just
put up a pop-up form and cool, I'm going
to be getting emails. But most brands
that I audit will do that and their
pop-up form will only convert 3% of
their website visitors into email
subscribers. Cool. You're probably like,
"Oh, that's awesome." But what if I told
you that our client average for pop-up
forms is 10%. Meaning 10% of website
traffic goes to email subscribers into
the email list. But most brands I audit
are at 3%. So if we just brought them to
our client average from 3%, let's say
under to 9%. We just tripled their email
list growth. And if we ran that for 3
years, we'd have three times the amount
of people on our email list, three times
the amount of people to sell to, and in
turn three times the revenue. And why
this is so key is because it's so
simple. You can just tweak a couple
things in your signup form and take it
from 3% to 9%. This is why I obsess over
pop-up forms and why I think they are
the most important part of your email
marketing strategy. The more people you
can get joining your list, the more
people you have to sell to and make
money to get a little bit more advanced
here. This is also going to
significantly reduce your cost per
acquisition. So, if you're running a ton
of ads, driving a ton of ads to your
website, and people are just going to
your website, just briefly checking it
out, and then leaving, which most
customers are doing in 2025 because
there are thousands of other brands in
your niche that the customer can go look
at. They should go to your website and
then leave, you lost that customer
forever. But if you have a
hyperoptimized pop-up form, that
customer can go to your website,
interact with your pop-up, enter their
email into your email list, and now
you're able to send them nurturing
content to get them to convert. So,
without a pop-up form or a low
converting one, you lost that customer
forever. the high-con converting pop-up
form, you're able to gather more out of
your website traffic and send them the
content that they need in order to
purchase. Spend time on your pop-up
forms. I have videos on my YouTube
channel on how to create these and
create them high converting. Tip number
seven is frequency is king. One of the
main problems with 95% of the 7 to9
figure ecom brands I audit is that they
just simply aren't sending enough
emails. Their emails are fine, but they
just aren't sending to their customer
list enough. The inbox today is so
competitive. If you aren't sending at a
good enough frequency, your customers
aren't going to see your messages and
your emails are going to get buried with
all the other brands that they're signed
up to email lists for. Sending once per
month, even once per week, is not
enough. You're just leaving way too much
meat on the bone. Your customers are
going to forget that you exist. The
optimal amount that I found working with
my brands is three to four times per
week, roughly every other day. This is
where customers can kind of get used to
seeing you in their inbox without being
a little bit too much where if you send
once per day, your unsubscribe rates can
really skyrocket. Now, I know what
you're thinking. saying three or four
times per week. That's a lot. I would
unsubscribe immediately. Hey, you know
what? Maybe you will get a couple more
unsubscribes when you send at that
frequency, but a lot less than you'd
think. And I mean, a lot less. If you
don't believe me, try sending at this
frequency. When you rarely send to
customers and they all of a sudden out
of the blue receive an email from you,
they're way more likely to unsubscribe
compared to when you send consistently
and the customer expects you. That's
just my experience. And as long as
you're sending the right content, you're
not sending the same templated emails,
you're not sending the same basic emails
every single day, and you're releasing
dopamine with fun copy and dopamine
releasing designs, the customer isn't
going to want to unsubscribe from you.
This is the tip that I receive the most
backlash for. But the numbers speak for
themselves. Like, why would I be lying
to you? Just focus on making sure your
content is new, good, and dopamine
releasing, cuz then the customers won't
unsubscribe. Just try it for yourself. I
could keep talking about these email
tips for hours, but I could just act on
them for you. If you run a 7 to9 figure
e-commerce brand, you want me to
personally audit your email marketing
strategy, book a call and we'll chat and
you'll learn how we've made over $100
million for our brands in the past 18
months. Let me know what tip you
resonated the most with below. I'll look
forward to seeing what your guys'
favorite is and if you have any more
that I missed. That does it for this
video. Want to keep this as short and
sweet as possible. Hope you got value
from it. Check out this video if you
want even more in-depth strategies and
tips on email marketing in 2025 and
2026. Again, thanks so much and I'll see
you in the next